---
title: Support OpenAFS
---

## Support OpenAFS ##

If you wish to see OpenAFS grow and improve, there are a variety of ways you
can contribute resources to OpenAFS Foundation, which will use those resources
to improve or promote OpenAFS. However, note that the OpenAFS Foundation is
currently **not** a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation, and donations to the
OpenAFS Foundation are **not** tax deductible. (See [this page](XXXbrokenlink)
for more information.)

### Donate ###

The OpenAFS Foundation currently accepts monetary donations via PayPal. You do
not need a PayPal account to donate; just a credit card. Click the button below
to donate:

<form action="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr" method="post" target="_top">
  <input type="hidden" name="cmd" value="_s-xclick">
  <input type="hidden" name="hosted_button_id" value="X2A746DUVWXC4">
  <input type="image" src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif"
         border="0" name="submit"
         alt="PayPal - The safer, easier way to pay online!">
  <img src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/scr/pixel.gif"
       alt="" border="0" width="1" height="1">
</form>
<p></p>

### Equipment ###

OpenAFS sometimes can make use of donated machines to be used for building
OpenAFS on various platforms, or other infrastructure needs. If you wish to
send the OpenAFS Foundation physical hardware, or if you wish to just allow
OpenAFS developers to access a server that you host, please [contact
us](XXXbrokenlink).

### Volunteer ###

If you wish to donate your time and skills to OpenAFS, there are several
options. To help improve the OpenAFS software itself or its documentation, see
[OpenAFS's page on contributing](XXXbrokenlink), which has several different
ways that you can help.

If you are interested in organizing an OpenAFS conference, or you want to
volunteer at one of OpenAFS's existing conferences, please [contact
us](XXXbrokenlink). 

If you have had a positive experience with OpenAFS, it can also be helpful to
submit a [success story](XXXbrokenlink) to tell others about your experience.
Several members of the OpenAFS community also give talks about OpenAFS at other
technology conferences from time to time, simply talking about what OpenAFS is
and how it has helped them. Raising awareness of OpenAFS and showing how it has
helped you is an extremely helpful contribution to OpenAFS.

### Sponsors ###

The following people or organizations have donated significant contributions to
OpenAFS:

* Jack Johnson
* Example, Inc.
* John Jackson
