---
title: OpenAFS Foundation Meeting Notes  2016-01-29
nav: [about]
---

### Attendees ###

* Dave Botsch
* Todd Desantis
* Margarete Ziemer

### Discussion ###

#### legal: ####
Todd heard bck fr Nicole @ IBM Legal

q's came up back in fall of 2012
* yfs starting up
* Foundation startup
* Ted Creedon had also asked Qs
  * not sure in what role
  * derivative, module definitions
  
a "module" is a file or collection of files (possibly w a specific fnct), she thinks
* the "specific function" is an important distinction on which we still need an answer
* waiting on internal IBM consultation for more def answer

sponsor logo
* Todd thinks covered by existing agreement
  * manager not really concerned with this aspect

digital signing
* waiting on answer

#### Positions ####

Assistant Security Ofcr emails sent to those previously serving in those role
* waiting to hear back

tech lead & gatekeeper descriptions w Ben for approval

#### Morgan Stanley ####
re-iterated last week's discussion

we should put together our wish list
* num of people
* positions
* num of hours

hoping for followup meeting menu next wk
