---
title: OpenAFS Foundation Meeting Notes  2015-06-12
nav: [about]
---

## OpenAFS Foundation Meeting Notes  2015-06-12 ##

### In Attendance ###

 David Boldt,
 Dave Botsch,
 Margarete Ziemer,
 Todd DeSantis

### Topics ###

* VA David accepts role to take and post meeting minutes
* Agreement to put meeting agendas online COB Thursday for Friday meetings
* Will cut $3K check to AFS workshop, Todd takes action item
* Proposed email on IBM license aggreement to foundation_discuss has been approved, NY Dave takes action item to send
* It has been officially recognized at IBM that IBM license agreement has been tranfered from openafs.org to AFS Foundation, Todd takes action item to document
* We have PayPal login and password from Roman
* Margarete takes action item to send donor Thank You notes
* Do we need paid hosting? NY David takes up action item to start discussion with our current hosts
* We will be at workshop, what kind of presence do we want to have?
* What does law office in Pittsburg, PA have of AFS Foundation money (used for incorporation)? Margarete takes action item to track down
* When do we being posting financial summaries? Previously proposed to be quarterly. Agreeed to be at fiscal calendar boundaries. Margarete takes action item to assemble
* Job/role descriptions needed for voluteer possibilities, start with what is defined in bylaws. We can start with next fiscal quarter
* Some Gate Keeper responsibilties should segway to Foundation. Associated thoughts:
  * Foundation can do longer term planning
  * can coodinate or write RFPs
  * Foundation can pay for work/projects
  * we should contact former Gate Keepers
  * NY Dave takes action items to coordinate
* Web site phase II needs to wait for less busy time of year, will bring up again in Oct
