---
title: OpenAFS Foundation Meeting Notes  2015-05-01
nav: [about]
---

## OpenAFS Foundation Meeting Notes  2015-05-01 ##

### In Attendance ###

attendance not taken

### Topics ###

* Todd looking for documentation on trademark transfer to Foundation
* Draft doc originally between ibm and yfs, is what we would forward to others that want to use afs/openafs?
* Can we post it? Todd will find out.
* Our original document was for Foundation name itself
* 2nd doc is for product itself, Todd will confirm feasibility of releasing this
  * run it by Nicole
  * if so, send out to foundation-discuss for feedback (all or part)
* openafs.org will have to somehow acknowledge agreement
* mailing lists Jeff H & Chaskiel G
  * discuss 30isl
  * info 1500
  * devel 700
* What is/will be the relationship between Foundation and Gatekeepers/community (Elders used to be partially made up of
Gatekeeprs, but not anymore). How do we, should we, set stragetic direction?
* Discussed beginning to think about next steps once startup is done.
  * How do we go about accomplishing our goals?
  * How do we approach individuals/institutions?
