---
title: OpenAFS Foundation Meeting Notes  2016-01-22
nav: [about]
---

### Attendees ###

* Dave Botsch
* Todd Desantis
* Margarete Ziemer

### Discussion ###

* Todd still wrking on meeting w his mgmt

  * agreement on RPCs, etc
  * trying to find old eml on clarification on module, derivative work
    * no luck, prolly not in eml or lost
    * but means there was a discussion about this previously

* ask Ben - names of interim folk on website

  * as we get them
  * security tm
  * pm/tech lead
  * release managers

* who moderates e-lists? Role for name to it

* SNM released Mac pkgs

  * put links on oafs.org w note on support

* Margarete met w Morgan Stanley on Wed

  * updated them
  * big concern is Win AFS
    * want to see moving forward
    * we need a plan
    * they have a strong team in house
      * may be running own customizations
      * can they contribute back? Legal/etc
      * we get access to their guys?
  * but enthusiasm in being involved
  * will follow up with
