---
title: About Us
nav: about
---

## About The Foundation ##

The OpenAFS Foundation, Inc., was incorporated in the State of Pennsylvania on
May 20 of 2013, as a corporation with the intent of becoming a non-profit
organization.

### What We Do ###

The OpenAFS Foundation adopted a three-fold mission:

1. To attract and increase the community of OpenAFS users
2. To foster the OpenAFS community of experts
3. To nurture and evolve the OpenAFS technology.

We expect our activities for accomplishing our mission to be diverse, but our
vision includes that the OpenAFS Foundation facilitate the following:

1.  In order to attract and increase the community of OpenAFS users, The
    Foundation plans to:

    1. Offer OpenAFS and associated technologies to all members of the general
       public, individuals and organizations alike, through the use of open
       source licensing, free of charge
    2. Educate members of the general public in the application of OpenAFS and
       associated technologies (Hackathons and/or paid internships such as
       "Google Summer of Code," low-cost conferences, low-cost Best Practices
       Workshops, free-of-charge ad-hoc consulting/training via the OpenAFS
       ticketing system, etc.)
    3. Aid, assist, and support other persons and organizations of any kind
       who wish to learn and/or employ OpenAFS &mdash; by gifts, grants,
       contributions or otherwise &mdash; provided that such activities are
       constant with the foregoing purpose
    4. Seek contributions by persons and organizations of any kind, via gifts,
       grants, contributions, "in kind" or other donation

2.  In order to foster the OpenAFS community of experts, The Foundation intends
    to:

    1. Seek contributions in both skills and talent (mentoring, conference
       presentations, publications, etc.)
    2. Educate member of the OpenAFS community of experts (Hackathons and/or
       paid internships such as "Google Summer of Code," low-cost conferences,
       low-cost Best Practices Practices Workshops, free-of-charge ad-hoc
       consulting/training via the OpenAFS ticketing system which records and
       archives any technical issues and/or questions posted along with their
       answers, etc.)
    3. Model and foster a spirit of cooperation and professionalism
       (mentoring, free-of-charge mailing list contributions, free-of-charge
       ad-hoc consulting/training via the OpenAFS ticketing system, etc).

3.  In order to nurture and evolve the OpenAFS technology, The Foundation plans
    to:

    1. Strengthen OpenAFS, as defined as intellectual property such as
       interfaces, tools, and libraries
    2. Advance OpenAFS and associated technologies through scientific research
       and development
    3. Support and participate in protocol standardization

### Who We Are ###

The OpenAFS Foundation, Inc., is guided by our Board of Directors, a diverse
group of richly experienced individuals who agreed to volunteer for this
leadership challenge.  The Board of Directors has an Executive Director as its
head.  If you would like to learn about the individuals currently serving on
the Board of directors, click [here]({{site.baseurl}}/board/).  The Board of
Directors is supported by volunteers who accepted the roles of Treasurer or
Secretary.  If you would like read a brief introduction to those volunteers,
click [here](XXXbrokenlink).

The Board of Directors oversees and has final authority over all activities
within The OpenAFS Foundation, Inc.  To help you understand our structure, we
composed an organizational chart which you can view [here](XXXbrokenlink).  The
chart will also offer definitions of the roles listed.

Among the OpenAFS Foundation's central values are fairness and transparency.
We believe that not only the lines of authority and the various tasks should be
disclosed, but also the financial status of the OpenAFS Foundation.  All moneys
were donated to the Foundation and its causes by individuals or organizations
wishing to support both our mission and our vision.  If you wish to peruse an
overview over our financials, click [here](XXXbrokenlink).  In addition, the
[Code of Ethics](XXXbrokenlink), the [Conflict of Interest
Policy](XXXbrokenlink), the [Wistleblower Protection Policy](XXXbrokenlink)
will aid you in understanding other core values of the OpenAFS Foundation. 

If you wish to contact the Board of Directors, please email
[foundation@openafs.org](mailto:foundation@openafs.org).  Should you wish to
contact specific Directors of the Board, you may find their email addresses
with their biographic introductions.  The Secretary can be contacted by
emailing [secretary@openafs.org](mailto:secretary@openafs.org), and the
Treasurer will receive your emails to
[treasurer@openafs.org](mailto:treasurer@openafs.org).

### How You Can Help ###

As The OpenAFS Foundation, Inc., is an organization comprises exclusively of
volunteers, we are hoping for your active help and support!  You may wish to
make a [donation](XXXbrokenlink).  If you feel moved to [volunteer](XXXbrokenlink), a
multitude of roles and tasks could benefit from your activities.  Should you
wish to [contribute code](XXXbrokenlink), you may do that as well.  In the
event you are uncertain about how you could contribute, we urge you to view our
"ISO" Wish List (click here) with postings of tasks that need helping hands.

### Core Documents ###

The OpenAFS Foundation was created by putting in place the Foundations basic
structure and legal entity requirements.  These began with a definition of our
[mission and vision](XXXbrokenlink).  The incorporation was executed in the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on May 20, 2013.  Our [Articles of
Incorporation](XXXbrokenlink) were submitted to the Department of State, Bureau
of Corporations and Charitable Organizations, on May 17, 2013, and filed by
said office on May 20, 2014, as well as given the Entity Number 4189117.  In
parallel, the [By-Laws](XXXbrokenlink) of the OpenAFS Foundation were adopted
by the Board that same day.  These By-Laws define the rights and
responsibilities of our Directors as well as our Officers and Employees.
Furthermore, they define miscellaneous corporate transitions, documents, and
general provisions.

The OpenAFS Foundation applied for an Employer Identification Number (EIN) by
filing Form SS-4 (click here) with the IRS on June 4, 2013.  In response, the
IRS Department of Treasury [officially assigned us](XXXbrokenlink) the EIN
46-2902947 the same day.  While the Foundation was incorporated with the intent
of being awarded a non-profit tax status by the IRS, any corporation like ours
will start with a for-profit tax status until the IRS has indeed granted a
non-profit status.  This means that, until and unless awarded a non-profit
status by the IRS, corporate tax returns must be filed as for-profit entity.
You may view our annual Form 1120, the U.S. Corporation Income Tax Return
[here](XXXbrokenlink).

Within the first year of its existence, the Board of Directors of The OpenAFS
Foundation, Inc., adopted several policies which we believed to be of crucial
importance for clearly reflecting and defining our central values.  First and
foremost, our [Code of Ethics](XXXbrokenlink) describes the standards set to
govern us and to guide our behavior.  If you wish to actively participate in
the work of The OpenAFS Foundation, we expect you to accept our adopted Code of
Ethics and to act accordingly.   Furthermore, a [Conflict of Interest
Policy](XXXbrokenlink) was adopted by the Board of Directors to safeguard the
integrity of the Foundation and its work.  In the event that possible or actual
breaches of either policy is observed, we encourage everyone to report such
alleged breaches immediately to the processes delineated in the [Whistleblower
Protection Policy](XXXbrokenlink) by the Board of Directors, which describes
the reporting and response procedures, and which explains the measures to be
taken by the Foundation for the purpose of protecting the reporting party’s
rights.

Since significant parts of the OpenAFS code were developed while AFS was owned
by International Business Machines (IBM) for several years, IBM has certain
intellectual property and licensing rights. Thus, the OpenAFS Foundation has
been engaging in dialogue with IBM and has been forging licensing agreements.
In the agreement dated May 10, 2013, IBM granted the five individuals who
comprised the Foundation’s Creation Committee the right to use the common law
trademarks "AFS" and "OpenAFS" in order for the Committee members to form a
non-profit corporation under the Open AFS Foundation name.  You may view the
full agreement [here](XXXbrokenlink).  After the incorporation of the OpenAFS
Foundation, these trademark rights were transferred from the Creation Committee
to The OpenAFS Foundation, Inc. 
