---
---

## Meet the Board ##

### David Boldt ###

David Boldt of the US Geological Survey (USGS) has been using AFS since 2001 as
part of a project to provide resilient web service which could survive the loss
of any single data center. A requirement was precipitated by a
hurricane-induced data center outage in Florida, which made USGS flood
information unavailable just when and where it was most needed. The USGS AFS
implementation replicates web content across data centers in Menlo Park
California, Sioux Falls South Dakota and Reston Virginia using a system of
programs which look for changes to AFS volumes and automatically `vos release`
on a 15 minute interval as required.

The experience of having a very small but dedicated team with a well-defined
objective, trying to make use of a broad variety of tools, including AFS,
engenders an appreciation for what OpenAFS provides. USGS could not have
provided the same user experience with any other product. David's resume is
that of a self-described technical generalist, starting as a hydrogeologist and
doing a bit of system administration, programming, system architecture, project
management, documentation, software training, web site production and customer
support over the years. He hopes to be able to contribute back to the OpenAFS
community with any and all of the skills he acquired on this career path.

### E. Margarete Ziemer ###

E. Margarete Ziemer, Ph.D., is co-founder and CEO of Sine Nomine Associates, a
vendor-neutral research and engineering consultancy dedicated to objectively
identifying and implementing the best solution for each client.  Dr. Ziemer, a
resident of former East Germany for twenty-five years, brings extensive
international and academic experience.  In addition to receiving three master’s
degrees and winning prestigious scholarships by organizations such as the World
Council of Churches, the Fulbright Commission, and the American Association of
University Women, she earned a post-graduate degree at the University of Jena,
Germany, and a Ph.D. at Princeton.  Her proven track record as a professional
and community leader include the founding of the International Students’
Association at her alma mater in Princeton, a Women’s Leadership Group serving
the Washington, DC, metro area, mentoring in a program by Women in Technology
in the capitol, and a successful East Coast animal rescue.

### Roman Mitz ###

Roman Mitz is the Senior Manager of the Systems Development group inside
Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University.  His experience with AFS
started in 1996 as a user, 2003 as an administrator, and he joined the OpenAFS
Elders in 2010, where he is currently the treasurer.

Roman received his BS in Computer Science from Carnegie Mellon while working
full-time as the lone IT administrator in the Center for the Neural Basis of
Cognition.  His lengthy experience at Carnegie Mellon as an IT professional
spans a variety of departments and roles; in addition to those already
mentioned, he was the Senior UNIX Systems Administrator for Electrical and
Computer Engineering, Senior Research Systems Programmer for the Middleware
team in Computing Services, and Server Systems Manager/Acting IT Director for
the Carnegie Mellon Qatar Campus.  At the Qatar campus he was instrumental in
the setup and operation of its complex computing environment from its opening
in 2004 to his return to the United States in 2007.

### Thomas Keiser ###

Thomas Keiser has, throughout the past eight years, been closely involved with
OpenAFS development and AFS3 protocol standardization.  During his tenure with
Sine Nomine Associates, Thomas developed the Demand Attach File Service, a
technology that: 1) reduces file server restart time by several orders of
magnitude, 2) alleviates a significant bottleneck intrinsic to the wire
protocol, and 3) improves the safety of file server metadata.  In addition,
Thomas has been a prominent contributor to the AFS3 protocol standardization
process, where he authored drafts related to: low-level wire protocol
primitives, historical documentation of the existing wire protocol, as well as
proposed new features requiring protocol modifications.

Thomas holds a bachelors of science in computer science from Penn State
University.  His research and publications primarily focus on autonomous,
distributed systems; distributed control; and sensor networks.  While recently
embarking on a new career as an Illumos kernel engineer with Nexenta Systems,
Inc., Thomas remains committed to the theoretical first principles exemplified
by the AFS3 protocol.  He believes that--notwithstanding twenty-five subsequent
years of technical innovation--the balance of management, interoperability,
cache consistency, and geographic distribution features, as uniquely embodied
in the AFS architecture, render AFS peerless.

### Todd DeSantis ###

Todd DeSantis is a Senior Systems Support Engineer for IBM Corporation.  Todd
has been working with AFS since he joined the Transarc Corporation in 1993 as
an AFS Support Representative.  Through the years Todd has expanded his role
within the AFS Support Team to include support, development and management of
the technical direction of the AFS Developers Team.  Todd and his Team support
both IBM AFS and OpenAFS platforms.  He joined the OpenAFS Elders in 2005.

### Daria Brashear ###

Daria Brashear has been involved with OpenAFS since its inception.  As a
student at Carnegie Mellon in the 1990s, Daria took an interest in the
distributed computing environment to which she had been newly exposed, which led
to the acquisition of a used Sun workstation that led her down the path to her
current role.

While working as a student, and then a staff member as a sysadmin and
programmer for the Computing Services Division of Carnegie Mellon University,
Daria pushed IBM Corporation regarding pieces of AFS technology which she felt
were legally required to be distributed.  While these pieces were eventually
distributed openly, IBM ultimately chose to open source AFS completely,
coincident with their end of life announcement, and Daria was one of the
original organizers of the OpenAFS organization, as well as an OpenAFS
gatekeeper and a member of the Council of Elders since the beginning.

Daria has worked for Carnegie Mellon University, Sine Nomine Associates, and
Your File System Inc., providing OpenAFS support and development among other
responsibilities, and is currently employed at Your File System, where she works
on distributed data sharing technology based on protocols that to this day are
derived from the original AFS3 implementation and principles dating back to the
1980s, principles she believes are ahead of their time and still relevant to
modern data consumers. She seeks to continue to enhance this technology in order
to bring it to ever more users.
